in a world where professional sports had
sunk to a new low
two guys invented a game yes amana's 301
dude that took them to the big time hard
to believe that just five years ago this
game was played only on driveways and
it's hard to believe just five years ago
those girls were only in grade school
from the director of The Naked Gun and
starring the creators of South Park what
an unfortunate thing to happen on
doesn't egg night comes a story about
their rise to stardom would you mind
signing these sure oh the fans who
adored them Joey
look who's here my biological father and
the forces players of your caliber
should be making the big bucks don't you
agree that drove them apart
dude you turn down Cannes off without
even talking to us dude I'm not gonna
cave in dude dude dude dude dude dude
well I guess you've got a point there
Universal Pictures presents I love kids
heads up big guy heat I need a little
work on the hands he's blind ugh Trey
Parker Matt stone go go go take much
harder Yasmine Bleeth here open your
blouse and say Reimer Jenny McCarthy I
finally got all the chrome off this for
you Robert Vaughn it's nice right yeah
me start on this one and Academy Award
winner Ernest Borgnine welcome this
summer experience the passion and the
triumph on the quinoa bass ketball
nothing I've ever been this excited
you're excited
feel these nipples